update ide doc to add env_var (#5358)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/environment-variables.md

### Special environment variables

dbt Cloud has a number of pre-defined variables built in. These variables are set automatically for development and cannot be changed.

**dbt Cloud IDE details**

- `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH`: Access and return your current branch name in dbt Cloud IDE.

> - This is useful in cases where, for example, you want to use the `env_var` for the [`generate_schema_name`](/docs/build/custom-schemas) and [`generate_database_name`](/docs/build/custom-databases) macros to dynamically set the schema and database name based on the branch name.

Author: are these the only cases where it's useful? or should we say this is useful in cases where you want to dynamically return the branch name in dev for XYZ? 

what would be the use case?

  - The variable changes when the branch is changed.

>   - Changing branches does not require restarting the IDE.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Changing branches does not require restarting the IDE.
  - This `env_var ` isn't available in the dbt Cloud CLI.
```

### Special environment variables

dbt Cloud has a number of pre-defined variables built in. These variables are set automatically for development and cannot be changed.

**dbt Cloud IDE details**

> - `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH`: The Git branch name in the connected version control system in the dbt Cloud IDE.

Author: ```suggestion
- `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH`: The Git branch name in the dbt Cloud IDE.
```

> - For example, thisis useful in cases where you want to dynamically set the [development schema](/docs/build/custom-schemas) prefix based on the branch name.

Author: ```suggestion
- For example, if you want to dynamically use the Git branch name as a [development schema](/docs/build/custom-schemas) prefix. ( `{{ env_var ('DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH') }}` )
```

### Special environment variables

dbt Cloud has a number of pre-defined variables built in. These variables are set automatically for development and cannot be changed.

**dbt Cloud IDE details**

- `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH`: The Git branch name in the dbt Cloud IDE.
- The variable changes when the branch is changed.
- Changing branches does not require restarting the IDE.

> - This `env_var ` isn't available in the dbt Cloud CLI.

Author: ```suggestion
- This `env_var` isn't available in the dbt Cloud CLI.
```

> - This is useful in cases where you want to dynamically use the Git branch name as a prefix for a [development schema](/docs/build/custom-schemas).  ( `{{ env_var ('DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH') }}` ).

Author: ```suggestion
- This is useful in cases where you want to dynamically use the Git branch name as a prefix for a [development schema](/docs/build/custom-schemas) ( `{{ env_var ('DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH') }}` ).
```

### Special environment variables

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.6">
dbt Cloud has a number of pre-defined variables built in. These variables are set automatically and cannot be changed.<br />

**dbt Cloud IDE details**

> - `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH`: The development Git branch name in the dbt Cloud IDE. Available in dbt v 1.6 and later.

Author: Is it current branch or any branch?

### Special environment variables

> dbt Cloud has a number of pre-defined variables built in. Variables are set automatically and cannot be changed.

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 I moved this up because it feels like it applies to all special env variable, but should it be versioned?

If it does belong only under "dbt Cloud IDE details" then I think we need a sentence up here to describe "special env variables"

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.6">

**dbt Cloud IDE details**

> - `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH`:

Reviewer: I made the descriptions sub-bullets because all of the bullets are related to DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH, right?

Author: Oh I see! I was trying to follow the same structure as the other env vars.

> - `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH` variable with these parameters:
```

> You can use the `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH` variable with these parameters:

Author: ```suggestion
- `DBT_CLOUD_GIT_BRANCH`:
```

>   - The development Git branch name in the [dbt Cloud IDE](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Provides the development Git branch name in the [dbt Cloud IDE](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud).
```
